- ​LangChain is an open-source interface that simplifies the application development process ​using LLMs. ​It facilitates a structured way to integrate language models into various use cases, including ​Natural Language Processing, or NLP, and data retrieval.

- ​It consists of several components – Documents, Chains, Agents, Language Model, Chat Model, ​Chat Message, Prompt Templates, and Output Parsers. 

- ​The Language Models in LangChain are the foundation of LLMs. ​It uses text input to generate text output and helps complete tasks and summarize documents. ​LangChain uses IBM, OpenAI, Google, and Meta as a primary language model. ​For example, to generate a response for a new sales approach using a language model, ​let's use IBM's WatsonX.AI to create an LLM based on the Mixtral 8x7 Billion Instruct ​model. ​Ensure that the necessary dependencies, such as GenParams and Model Inference, are imported ​from the IBM Watson Machine Learning Package. ​Now, customize the model by adjusting settings such as tokens and temperature. ​A created model object will appear. 
​Next, the model shows a generated response text for the inserted prompt. ​You can view the generated sample response. ​The next component of LangChain is the Chat Model and Language Model. ​A chat model is designed for efficient conversations. ​It means that it understands the questions or prompts and responds to them like a human. ​Next, to generate a response, first create a language model using WatsonX.AI and transform ​the model into a chat model using WatsonX's LLM function. ​This converts the chat model into a conversational LLM to engage in dialogues. 
​For example, to see the response, insert a question into the model, such as, Who is man's ​best friend? ​You can view the generated sample response for the question. ​Chat models handle various chat messages to make the model effective in the dynamic chat ​environment. ​For example, the human message helps user inputs, the AI message is generated by the ​model, the system message helps instruct the model, the function message helps the function ​to call outcomes with a name parameter, and the tool message helps in tool interaction ​to achieve results. ​In the chat message, each chat message consists of two key properties. ​The role means who is speaking and the content means what is being said. ​Look at the example of a system-generated message, in which the model has given instructions ​to be an AI bot to respond to the question, What to eat in one short sentence. 
​To respond to this question, the chat model creates a list of messages. ​First, configure the model as a fitness activity bot using a system message. ​Then simulate the past conversation using human message and AI message. ​Next, using these settings, the model generates responses based on the previous dialogue. ​You can operate the chat model using human message as input and allow the model to generate ​responses without system message or AI message queues. ​It means that the chat bot responds directly to human inputs. ​The next component of LangChain is prompt templates. 
​The prompt templates in LangChain translate the user's questions or messages into clear ​instructions. ​The language model uses these instructions to generate appropriate and coherent responses. ​The types of prompt templates are String prompt templates is useful for single-string ​formatting. ​Chat prompt templates is useful for message lists and specific templates such as Message ​prompt template including AI Message Prompt Template, System Message Prompt Template, Human ​Message Prompt Template, and Chat Message Prompt Template allows flexible role assignment. ​The Messages placeholder provides full control over message rendering. ​And View Shot Prompt Template provides specific examples or shots for LLMs. ​Let's use the chat prompt template to generate a response. 
​In this prompt template, specify a message's role and content. ​Next, within the content, include the parameter placeholders for repeated use to generate ​dynamic and flexible messages based on the input parameters and format your prompt. ​Now let's look at the example selectors in prompt templates. ​It is important to select the most relevant examples from the example library to put them ​into the prompt. ​An example selector in the prompt template makes this process efficient. ​For example, the View Shot Prompt Template provides specific examples or shots to LLM. ​These examples or shots inform the model about the inserted context and guide the LLM to ​generate the desired output. 
​Using example selectors from LangChain, you can optimize the View Shot Prompt Templates ​by selecting Semantic Similarity, Max Marginal Relevance for Diversity, Examples of Efficient ​Prompts, and N-Gram Overlap for Textual Similarity. ​The screen displays the code to select examples using an N-Gram Overlap example selector to ​form a few shot prompts. ​The next component of LangChain is the Output Parsers. ​The Output Parsers transform the output of an LLM into a more suitable format for generating ​structured data. ​The LangChain provides a library of Output Parsers for various data formats including ​JSON, XML, CSV, and Panda DataFrames. ​Output Parsers allow you to tailor the model's output to meet specific data handling needs. ​For example, let's use Comma Separated List Output Parser to convert LLM's response ​into CSV format. 
​This Output Parser effectively structures the output and simplifies it to handle and ​analyze in spreadsheet applications. ​Now let's recap. ​In this video, you've learned about the components of LangChain. ​LangChain is an open-source interface that simplifies the application development process ​using LLMs. ​The core components of LangChain are ​The language models in LangChain use text input to generate text output. ​The chat model understands the question or prompts and responds like a human. ​The chat model handles various chat messages such as human message, AI message, system ​message, function message, and tool message. 
​The prompt templates in LangChain translate the questions or messages into clear instructions. ​You've also learned about the example selector which instructs the model for the inserted ​context and guides LLM to generate the desired output. ​Lastly, you learned about the Output Parsers that transform the output from an LLM into ​a suitable format. 